Is it live yet?
I'm just going to play this real quick.
Worship the Lord.
Beautiful.
Do you want to go to the mountain of the Lord?
There is a place for those who are thirsty in the mountain of the Lord.
I liked it.
Everybody watching, no matter what nation you're at, you're welcome.
We have come to Zion, the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem.
We have come to God, the judge of all, and to the spirits of the just made perfect.
We have come to an innumerable company of angels.
We have come to the general assembly and the church of the firstborn whose names are in heaven.
We have come to Jesus, the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling that speaks of better things than that of Abel.
Come on, let's lift our hands.
Glorify the Lord.
I can hear your voice.
I can touch your face.
Sing it again.
In the mountain of the Lord, there is a place for those who are lifting up.
I can hear your voice.
I can touch your face.
There is a grace in the mountain of the Lord.
I can feel the mountains.
There is a place.
I said there is a place in the cleft of the Lord.
Touch his face.
Touch his hands.
His presence is so near to us.
Touch it.
It's right there.
Let this anointing of the Spirit be upon you.
As you touch it now, worship the Lord.
I had to listen to one of my favorite songs.
Good evening, everybody.
Thank you for joining me today.
I really appreciate it.
We're going to go over the things that the Lord showed us in this last video, last time we prayed together.
We'll go over the things going on in the news and things that Braden has found, and we'll go from there and we're going to pray.
Who wants to go tubing?
First off, we got a new light, and so we're really excited about this new light.
Braden ordered it.
Do you see any difference in the lighting in our studio?
It's really big.
Braden said, 'Dad, I want to get this for Christmas.
' So we got it and we put it in here, and hopefully it will light up a bit differently, make it look more professional instead of the bulbs we had.
We had just normal bulbs that you get from Walmart, but this is pretty something.
So, we're going to try to get three more when we get more money.
They're pretty expensive, but I don't know.
Do you see any difference?
Can they see any difference?
Because if not, I'm not going to waste the money.
Does that look softer?
Yeah.
It doesn't look as harsh.
Because those bulbs were really hard on me.
I told Braden, 'When those bulbs are so bright on my eyes all the time, I don't like it.
' So we got this new one.
Hopefully, when we get the other three, it will be really different.
I don't know, maybe it will, maybe it won't, but we'll see.
I just wondered what you all thought.
Pretty cool.
Braden has all kinds of ideas.
He said, 'Daddy, I think this would be neat.
' So I'm happy with it so far.
It makes me kind of feel like I'm outside, you know, like twilight.
All right.
Well, I was reading the Book of Jeremiah there.
I want to go over some of the things he found in the news.
Ready?
Now, do you remember whenever I told you we would start to have power outages and the Lord showed me?
Now, I didn't know what the cause was.
Let me pray first.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you in Jesus' name, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us and that there are no demonic spirits to come against me as I'm doing this.
No witchcraft, no anything from the occult.
I thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us, my wife, my children, and everything we put our hands to prospers in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Well, I saw in the Spirit, I don't know how many times, that we would start to have major blackouts all throughout the United States of America and that we would start to see them.
Now, I didn't know why they would happen.
I just saw that some of them would be from what I saw were cyberattacks, but I saw cities completely dark.
A lot of times I see New York and major cities on the East Coast.
So Braden said, 'Hey, Dad, did you see that all of San Francisco is dark right now?
' and it's from a fire.
Now, this is the ominous feeling that I told you all.
Remember I told you I said they bring in backup generators and they shine them off of the buildings?
It's similar to what's going on of what we see right now in San Francisco because of these fires.
They turned off all the power.
And so, I thought that was kind of interesting because I said, 'Hmm, is this the beginning?
' because the Lord showed me that it would start to happen more and more in the days ahead.
So, do you have any of those clips?
You want to show them?
Does anybody know that we had all these power outages in San Francisco?
I thought it was pretty interesting that that's all happening today.
I don't know what's on fire, but this is the darkness that I told you.
It's just like this.
All the visions I see, even on the East Coast, it lasted for three weeks.
I have to be specific; the Lord said it will last three weeks.
When this happens, it will last three weeks.
And I don't know if this is just one event, but they shut this off, I guess, because of protection or whatever.
I don't know why it happened, but for what I saw coming in New York and such, I saw that it lasted in three-week time frames.
Cyberattacks, it would be quite a while.
And these electric cars are out because there's no power to run them.
There's no stuff, however they get their juice to go.
So they're stranded all on the side of the road.
That's kind of funny.
And where they stopped is really an awkward place.
So we see that going on.
Did you show them this?
So what's that?
That's a city.
Everything's dark.
It's very spooky.
But I saw generators, and they would bring in huge generators and spotlights to shine off the buildings for a kind of mirror effect in New York because the people were trying to riot.
So now, do you want to go on?
Yeah.
Okay.
And then I want to play this.
This is what I thought was interesting about the map—we had major wind gusts in Wyoming, Colorado, and these areas.
Now, there were over 144 mph wind gusts, and the Lord told us how many times that this was coming—major weather warfare—that they would manipulate the weather and it would be like warfare around the world.
The jet streams were going to change.
I saw the light coming in differently, all these major signs of the times and the escalation of things.
Now we see semis blowing over, train cars, all this major derailment of stuff all over in Wyoming, and they said there are 144 mph winds.
Now I want to go back to the word, and Braden brought the clip out.
I saw 150.
So 144, 150—this is the same thing of what I'm trying to tell you is coming.
This is just the beginning.
And the Lord showed me, 'Braden, just because it happened once doesn't mean that's the end.
This is going to start happening all the time.
' I want to go back to what the Lord showed us back in 2023 when I just started this.
This is what the Lord said.
Oh, well, this is 2024.
Do you have the 2023 on there or did you not put it in?
No, you didn't.
Okay, 2024, February 22nd.
You want to play it?
He told me there would be record-breaking wind gusts.
I saw wind gusts of downbursts—I hope I'm not butchering that—downburst wind bursts coming out of the storms' updrafts and straight-line winds of over 150 mph.
I've warned you all that great manipulation of weather warfare is coming beyond anybody's comprehension.
They will manipulate the weather through certain avenues to be used against people demonically.
As they try to control the weather, they will lose control of certain storms, causing great devastation with straight-line winds and hurricanes that will not be able to be stopped.
There will be another level of hurricane in terms of strength and intensity than we've ever seen before.
There will be super hurricanes, super tornadoes, and super hail, super straight-line winds—things that will look like they are of biblical proportion, being made by man demonically.
Some of it is to try to manipulate other countries; some is to manipulate people into doing what they want in certain areas.
I saw straight-line winds that exceeded speeds beyond anything we've ever seen on this earth from cloud seeding and attempts to manipulate the weather: strengthening larger hurricanes, strengthening tornadoes, and strengthening storms where it would rain in one area and within just a 10-mile radius or 100 miles, there would be a complete drought beyond anything you can comprehend.
I saw a drought worse than the Dust Bowl.
Abnormal rain and abnormal droughts—a form of weaponized weather warfare being perfected, but it will get out of control.
In trying to control it, they will lose control of jet streams.
Super storms, exceeding wind speeds you've never experienced before, super rains, super winds, and super hail.
It will keep increasing and get out of control.
Sometimes you have major hurricanes and tornado seasons, and sometimes we have nothing, and it's by design.
Jamaica was a test.
Jamaica was played with.
It was altered, and they will continue to do this, using it for war.
It will look so innocent, but many people will lose their lives because of it.
We see it happening just like the Lord has warned us over and over for years now.
We see winds at 144 miles an hour.
It's almost spot-on at 150 because I saw the numbers 150 and 144.
So we know more was coming.
It's pretty close, but I don't want to sit there because the haters will go, 'Well, Brandon, that's not right on.
' It's pretty close.
Here you go, it's happening.
What we see with Jamaica—I didn't even remember I saw that—super hurricanes that would exceed things we've never seen before.
The way it turned and hit Jamaica, you knew something was planned.
That was not natural; that was weird.
We see how it was massive and hit Jamaica with so much devastation.
Then Dubai had a record-breaking 24-hour rainfall—floods of biblical proportions.
The floodwater was racing up over the banks, flooding the streets and cars.
This happened yesterday.
You can see it.
Look at these people; they're going to have to swim.
Dubai is being flooded.
It's a desert over there.
It's interesting to me, all the things happening right now, the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We see all these things happening, and they're escalating.
The Lord said the birthing pains are going to accelerate from the 23rd of September to the next Rosh Hashanah.
It's happening, and the Lord warned us it was going to happen.
It's amazing to watch it and the politics.
Marco Rubio came out today and said what he said about JD Vance.
Do you have that?
It's fine; you can play it if you want to.
I'm just trying to throw some things out there to show what's going on in the news.
You showed the thing about the 144-mile winds.
How many people knew that was happening?
That's amazing.
We're not even into 2026 yet, and I have great caution concerning 2026.
How many things over and over again has the Lord warned us?
Braden said last night, 'We hit it again talking about the revival again, Dad.
You saw another piece of the revival.
' Your visions that the Lord gives you all repeat themselves.
It's usually the same thing, just a different lens or a different glimpse.
It's another piece of the puzzle, and we keep adding them together.
Every once in a while, the Lord will give us something new, but usually, we go through a cycle.
Every single time, it's like the weather warfare; as you can see through the months, it goes in like a train.
Isn't that interesting?
The night before last, he said we're going to talk about the revival, and then today he was talking to me about the plague—this major plague that's coming, all the shaking to awaken the body of Christ.
People are upset about the plague, asking, 'Brandon, are we going to experience the plague?
' I truly believe we'll see something.
Now, to the level of how much it affects us, I don't know.
The Lord said we could lessen it.
What does that mean?
Prayer changes things.
For all the people who don't believe prayer changes things, you're on the wrong channel because I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ gave us authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
He tells the people what's coming before it comes.
He tells the watchmen to go tell His people what's coming.
As I look out over the horizon of time, with the devil planning and strategizing how to take things down, He puts us as a roadblock for him, saying, 'Nope, you're not doing this.
We're not allowing you to do this.
We're going to take authority over you, and we're going to pray and believe God and stand on the wall and warn the troops what's coming.
' The winds are just blowing trees over; that's just straight-line winds.
That's not a tornado or a hurricane.
Those are major winds.
It's just blowing trees over like they're toothpicks.
That's not normal.
It's amazing to me that it picks a big old tree right out of the ground.
I've seen the damage here in Oklahoma when tornadoes come through, but usually not by winds like that that pick trees up out of the ground as if they were toothpicks.
It's pretty amazing, all the weather damage right now.
The train just blew over like it was nothing.
It wasn't just a couple of cars; the whole thing, all the way down, is over.
That's going to take some time to put back together; they'll need some kind of big crane.
Let's go over what we saw in prayer last time regarding JD Vance.
There was an interesting clip from Vanity Fair last week saying, 'If JD Vance runs for president, he's going to be our nominee and I'll be one of the first people to support him.
Very rarely do you see in Washington politics somebody who does something like this.
' It's really remarkable, the setting aside of personal ambition.
These two men, JD Vance and Marco Rubio, would probably be among the top contenders.
My question is, as this goes forward, will we see this other young cabinet, much of the cabinet of his own personal and political ambitions?
I saw Marco Rubio, and will that be his running mate, saying, 'Hey, we'll join together and be part of a coalition'?
I'm not going to rehearse everything I've said about JD Vance, but I have great caution that a man will start to break away from the MAGA platform as his own.
He is not who he says he is; in the Lord's eyes, he is not who everyone thinks he is.
I saw Harvard—and he didn't go to Harvard—but I saw Harvard painted in bricks.
It was a stronghold, a way of thinking, with massive bricks built like a wall on the word Harvard.
I believe he went to Yale, so I don't know why the Lord showed me Harvard, but it was a way of thinking.
We don't follow these liberal schools; we follow Jesus schools like ORU or Rhema.
The Lord showed me that this man would come out being different than what most people thought.
By 2028, I saw a new Watergate scandal and a major shaking to the party.
This is why the Lord said, 'You must pray,' because I saw MAGA being split, and it wasn't going to be MAGA; MAGA would die.
I personally like Don Jr.
and would love to see him win.
Regarding JD Vance, the Lord said, 'Don't get your eyes on JD Vance.
They're grooming another one behind the curtain for the Democratic Party.
' I saw a person being groomed who was going to have a demonic empowerment and a demonic glow—an endowment of power and speech like it was with Obama.
They were grooming a new Obama to come on the scene, empowered by the devil himself to come against the MAGA crowd because they're wounded and losing relevancy with the media and the American population.
Whether that is the guy in New York or not, I don't believe so.
I believe it's someone else who will grasp both the elders and the younger generation, similar to how Obama did.
The Lord said, 'Don't lose focus thinking this is a slam dunk.
' There are plans for political theater and great distractions.
I saw persecution coming on social media with YouTube, Facebook, and lawsuits against Elon Musk and X concerning freedom of speech.
Great censorship is coming.
It starts in 2026, and by 2028, it will look like hell on earth.
A great shaking is coming, and the church must wake up and get prepared.
They must have a backbone like a crowbar.
I saw great persecution coming in Canada, major black swan events, terrorist attacks, and shakings in Australia.
This will be a grab for freedom as they clamp down on social media and privacy.
Even in America, you think you have privacy, but the Lord showed me your phones and pictures are not private.
They know everything you do.
It's a surveillance society.
They know your bank accounts and everything about you.
The Lord said it will get worse and the covering is coming off.
As I was praying about the body of Christ, I saw a massive septic tank.
The Lord said, 'I'm taking off the lid.
' They think they've hidden the waste in their hearts, but I'm going to expose it.
Judgment begins in my house first.
I'm cleaning out the waste.
Things you thought were hidden will be exposed.
Even though it's stinky and gross, I'm taking the lid off in 2026.
But it's the way it is.
The Lord told me it's going to be a roar time.
We're coming.
I'm cleaning out the things, Bren.
I'm going to bleach it.
I'm going to clean it out.
It's like a power washing time.
We're going to clean that nasty septic out.
We're going to do deep cleaning.
And he said, "There's many of my churches, many of my people that have their hidden things inside that septic.
You don't know how dirty it is.
And I'm taking the lid off, son, in 2026.
I hide my remnant in the cliff.
" And most people don't want to hear a word of 1 Corinthians 5:5, but that's what he keeps talking to me about.
I'm cleaning my church.
I'm bringing them to my side.
A humbling's coming.
Various shakings to awaken.
You're going to see things you never dreamed you would see in the earth and the weather, volcanoes and volcanic eruptions, and all kinds of earthquakes in diverse places, political drama, social credit scores, the beginning of the beast system, even more so concerning crypto and a digital frontier.
Everything is going AI.
Watch what AI does over the next three years.
You're going to go, "Whoa.
" I'm telling you, mark my words: when you go to this time next year, everything will accelerate even by this time next year.
And by the end of 2027, I want you to pinch yourself right now because I'm telling you how real it's going to get.
Feel it.
The signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ: escalation.
And that's not even concerning the terrorist attacks.
The Lord was showing me about things concerning this, praying over Los Angeles, Hollywood, and Beverly Hills.
So let's just go to something.
We saw John Kilpatrick.
John Kilpatrick was skinnier; he didn't have the stomach that he has now like me.
No room to talk, but he was thinner.
He had a black jacket on like a sports coat with a white shirt and no tie.
He was looking toward this wheat on the ground.
In the vision that the Lord gave us, I saw wheat all on the ground and he was looking at the harvest.
He was gazing; it was like he was focused on the harvest at hand.
I could see his church in the background as the wheat was before his feet and the task at hand.
All the church people—it was too much for the church to handle.
So they had meetings outside.
I could see the building where his ministry is at, but everybody was outside in the parking lot and in surrounding areas because the church couldn't handle the capacity of what was about to happen.
As he was standing on the edge of the wheat, water came in that looked like a flood.
But in the vision, he was not alarmed or frightened or running from this water.
The water came to his feet.
It was thick-looking water, but the water came in like you would dump your glass on your counter.
The initial flood stage is pretty big where it's at, but it goes out in a streak.
It doesn't always spread like an ocean, but it came in specifically to his feet.
He had black shoes on in the vision, and it stopped right at his feet.
As I was looking at it touching his feet, the vast supply of the water was before him.
In front of him was an ocean; there was no end.
There is a vast supply, and I saw the supply of the water coming to this man.
But it was not a normal supply; it was an oversupply, an overflow.
I saw the people like a "Holy Ghost Woodstock" again outside.
As I saw him standing, I saw a storm to the south and a storm to the east.
I saw the light coming from the west.
In the southeast, I saw all this storm.
As I saw the storm, I saw a whirlwind that looked like a dust devil.
In the South, we have these dust devils that just turn up; it's not a tornado, but it's like a dust storm and it goes like a whirlwind.
But as this whirlwind was turning beside Pastor John in this vision, three doves came out of the sky and started circling in this whirlwind by him.
They had olive leaves around it.
They were inside of the dust storm.
It looked like dust, but it wasn't scary.
It almost felt like it was oil, like it had texture to it, almost like it was a Holy Ghost pillar.
Some of it was darker and thicker than others, but it almost looked like sand, but it was like golden.
This whirlwind was golden, like glitter, and it was turning and spinning, and these doves were turning and spinning inside of this thing and they were flying.
They weren't in distress, but they were in control of their flight and were flying alongside inside of this vortex thing; it was glory.
I saw the olive leaves moving around side of these doves.
The Lord said, "That's olive leaves.
" I know it's symbolic for something, but I thought it was a cool vision.
I don't know why the Lord showed me him; I only follow him slightly because I like to listen to some of his stuff he puts on YouTube.
Church of His Presence is what his church is called.
Now, as I saw this, I was taken to Minnesota again.
And he said, "From Minnesota to the Gulf, from sea to sea, a major revival is coming to America.
" I saw pillars of revival.
And he said they will be birthed out of prayer, for you will need to create great prayer groups in your church to experience this.
But I will use the generals from the past, and I will sustain greater life into them.
And in doing so, I will use them to help with the old and the new.
The old and the new will go together.
Listen to the older generals, but the young Davids are about to take the baton.
But you'll need older voices like Billy Burke and John and people like that who have been through the test of time and been through trial and tribulation.
They have a foundation of the gospel, of the word, of what it takes to sustain life.
You have your elders that have been there and done that, and you need them to train the younger guys so they don't get off like me.
You don't want to get off in Weirdoville.
You got to have some people that are counselors, like fathers in the faith, to come up beside you and tell you, "You're getting off; you're a little weird; you need to come back into the reality here; don't go off in La La Land.
" There's a lot of unfathered in the body of Christ.
They're fatherless children, spiritually fatherless.
There are not a lot of elders that are teaching the young bucks, the young guys coming along the side, how to walk in this next revival.
And the Lord said, "A lot of the elders will go home there.
But there's going to be a great transition, a passing of the baton with great prayer warriors that were here that will step out and go home like we saw this year.
But it will happen even more in 2026.
I'm raising up new prayer warriors.
I'm raising up new prophetic voices and pastors and teachers—the five-fold ministry like we've never seen before—ones that will take the baton and run with this.
And you'll have your elders with the voices that will speak life into generations—the new generation that needs a little counsel.
They need counsel.
But I saw a new life coming into them.
Their youth would be renewed like the eagles, and they would live long and finish strong.
We are the last generation that will not taste death.
Ladies and gentlemen, God has come.
Jesus Christ is coming.
We are that generation that will not taste death.
But I'm telling you, there's a great shifting and sifting coming to the church in 2026, 2027, and 2028.
We're going to see revival, but judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
But He said, 'Raise up prayer groups.
' This will be birthed out of prayer.
We must bring back prayer to the church.
We must have great prayer groups at church, not flakiness.
We don't get off in weirdness where Sister So-and-so and Sister So-and-so has a gossip session the whole time.
You have a prayer group, not a gossip session.
You have a prayer group, not a potluck.
I'm talking about carpet-sucking prayer where you're on your knees crying out for God to move again in this nation like we've never seen it before.
I'm not talking about a prayer group going in there and you have a go, 'Well, we're praying for her, brother, but did you hear about Sister So-and-so?
She's going through this, and I heard that her husband is not doing too well either.
' We're not there to gossip.
We're here to pray.
I don't want to hear about your stuff; let's pray.
I don't want to hear about somebody else's business either.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
That's what the Lord is putting in my heart to tell y'all: we need prayer groups.
All these major revivals were birthed out of prayer, and we've got to fill this with prayer for what's about to happen.
And I saw Branson having a major revival.
I want to be a part of wherever it's going to be.
I know it's going to be in Collinsville.
I know it's going to be in there.
So you want to have two places so you can experience it both times.
I just want my feet in the river.
Whatever it takes.
I want to be a part of prayer.
I want to be a part of this great outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before.
Do you understand?
And I know that it's going to take some effort to get there.
We've got to wake up.
He's taking the lid off the septic and he's sucking it out and cleaning things up.
Do you all understand?
I hope you all understand the urgency of the hour.
It's time to wake up in 2026.
You're going to wake up.
Then I was taken to Asia and I saw a massive ball glowing in Japan.
I saw it highlighted with—it looked to me like platinum, the way platinum looks, like if you were to see transparent platinum where it's not solid-looking but it has a transparency to it like the streets of gold in heaven, but it was platinum.
It was outlining Japan.
And as it was outlined, it split down the middle with a major earthquake.
It had a dome of a ball, a sphere that was cut in half.
And as it was glowing, it had some kind of—that platinum had light shining from the inside out that was so piercing that it looked like something out of some kind—it was half of a sun, but it was a platinum color.
It wasn't yellow like the sun; it was like a platinum color like fire.
It was like a light and it was shining out of Japan.
But as I was looking and I gazed upon North Korea, I saw the people praying in their homes and they were singing but they had no words.
They were not allowed to sing out loud in fear of their life.
So they were worshipping God with hand gestures and doing like this for praise, and they were shaking their hands and they were singing with just their lips moving with no sound and they were worshipping our Father.
And I saw them—they were so cold as they were worshipping the Lord.
Their skin was kind of light-colored because the cold was so cold in their homes—these Christians—but they were scared to make any loud noise because they were in there with their family and they were just worshipping with their hands.
It made me want to weep because I saw all over and they had their hands and they were moving their fingers like this and they were doing it and they were smiling as big as they could.
Their faces were glowing with joy worshipping our Father with no noise.
I saw God take the Chinese flag.
I saw the old communistic with the stars and the old flag.
It's the China flag.
I saw Him take their flag and He wadded it up in a ball with His fist and it was all crinkled up.
That flag right there, He crinkled it up and He wadded it up like a ball.
His fist was like this, but His hand was full of the flag.
But I could see the stars and the red crinkling out of His hand.
So I could see He was wrinkling it up like He was angry at it.
All of a sudden, it was attached to North Korea.
I was interceding and the Lord said, 'They will entertain angels unaware.
For if you can't get in, I'll let you in.
' That's what He said.
'If they won't let you in through the border, I will let you in through my superhighways.
' That's what He called them.
I saw highways that looked like tunnels and tubes all throughout the atmosphere.
Now, I don't know how to describe these tubes to you, but they were round cylinder tubes that went from one place to another, and they were all like a superhighway above our atmosphere.
There were lights of all kinds of colors coming through these tubes.
It was almost like when you go to a bank and you send it out in the drive-thru and you put that in there and you push the button and the tube gets—the little thing gets—you put your money in and that gives it to the teller inside that tube.
It was like tubes that went from America to Asia to other parts of South America, and there was a superhighway above us in the heavenlies.
I don't know what I was seeing.
There were purples and pinks, blues—all that was streaking like light through those.
And there was no darkness in it.
The tubes were lit up with light, all of them.
But they were the size of what a human body would be.
And it looked like spaghetti noodles all over the place.
A superhighway all over the place.
And it was like you would take one of those pickup sticks.
That's how you know when you put the pickup sticks and you put it out and you pull it out.
You don't want to get it to fall.
The pickup sticks.
Does anybody know what I'm talking about?
The pickup sticks, the game, like the Erector—all kinds of different sticks and you pull the thing out and you pull it and they're all above the atmosphere.
That's how many there were.
It wasn't just a couple; it was thousands of them.
And as they were all above the atmosphere, I saw people traveling in them like the money things that go in the bank.
They were shooting through those tubes.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, I will translate you there.
I will translate my body in the days ahead.
You'll be in one place in one minute talking on a camera like this, talking on YouTube, and I will translate you with whoever to go to that place where they're not allowed to have Christianity: Iran, places of the Middle East, and I will bring the gospel to them.
If they won't allow you in, I will let you in.
" I saw tubes of people traveling all over in this end-time revival where you think that you won't be able to get in, but He said, "I'll take you in there.
They may not let you in, but I will.
" I saw people going like Star Trek and they were laying hands on people and they were getting baptized in the Holy Ghost, and the glory of the Lord was showing up in those houses and they were being radically healed and delivered by the power of God.
As you finished, He would take you back home.
He said, "I'll let you even film it on your phone to validate that you were there as a sign and a wonder in these last days.
I'll let you validate the area.
" You know what I'm talking about?
Like you not exposing the people in there so they lose their life; God's not stupid.
But it was like a witness somehow.
I don't know how, like you're there and you're traveling around.
Maybe you won't go into someone's house in North Korea and film them and say, "I want to video you and have ministry.
" I'm not trying to be flaky with this; this is how the Lord showed me, folks.
You know what I'm saying?
And it was translating all over the place.
It was not just one place; it was all in South America.
I saw it translating.
I saw—am I using the word right?
—translate, to go all over the place, and the glory of the Lord showed up.
Healings, demonstrations, and manifestations like you wouldn't believe; I'm telling you, souls are coming to the kingdom of God.
He said, "You're asking me to come, but there's millions of people in North Korea that have never heard the gospel.
" A highway—it's what He called it—a supernatural highway.
And I'm going to take you into Asia and you'll be preaching, and you'll be in a prayer group and all of a sudden you'll be in North Korea, you'll be in Vietnam, and I'll have you there.
And He said you'll hear their language and you'll speak their language and know exactly what they're saying through supernatural interpretation.
You're saying transport.
Transport through language, no language barriers.
You'll know North Korea, you'll know whatever, and you'll be able to just talk to them and they'll be able to talk to you.
There will be a supernatural on your mind.
I saw working with the angelic host.
The Lord said, "You will work with the angels.
You'll work with the angels in the days ahead as a sign.
" He said, "I don't want any should perish, Brandon, but when this gospel is preached as a witness into all the earth, then will the end come.
" North Korea cannot be left out.
Iran's people can't be left out.
He's coming; He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
And He showed me even into the islands that have not been really witnessed to, He was going to show up.
I saw the glory of the Lord.
As I saw all this and I saw what He was about to do with the North Koreans and all this stuff, I got so excited after I got finished with this video.
I haven't been able to stop thinking about it.
I know what the Lord showed me.
I know what He said: that it's about the souls.
He died for them.
And I'll continue to tell you about the holes in His hands and the holes in His feet.
As He walked, He showed me the harvest, similar to what John Kilpatrick was standing by; the harvest was plentiful and the laborers are few.
He said, "It's all hands on deck.
This is an all-hands-on-deck moment.
" I'm looking for the person who will just say, "Yes, here am I, Lord.
Send me.
" I'll go to Walmart today.
I'll talk to the little widow lady who doesn't have anyone to talk to on the park bench.
I'll go to the playground and talk to the single mothers.
I wouldn't be saying guys out there to talk to them, but I'm saying to the mothers that would say, "Hey, I want to be a light to you.
" Do you know what I'm saying?
Just being a light everywhere you go.
That's why I said make a list of how many people you believe God for this year, how many people you want to see get led to Jesus.
I say, "Hey, if you only got one person saved this year, have a goal of at least five.
" Stretch yourself in 2026 to believe God for bigger financially, spiritually, for your marriage, for your kids to get saved, for your cousins, I don't know.
But I want you to believe God for big in 2026 as He's cleaning His church up, as He's getting the bride ready, as He's getting things ready.
I'm telling you, we're about to see things like you wouldn't believe, y'all.
But He wants you to have a prayer group.
We're going to keep growing this channel, believing all to the glory of God.
We'll hit over a million.
I don't know; we'll see on this side or the other.
I'm talking about South Korea.
I know what He said, but I'm saying if it happens all in 2026, praise God.
I believed it was going to happen this year, and right now I'm still not hitting 600,000, so I'm believing God it will do it next year.
But if it doesn't, you just keep hitting it.
It's the little drop in the cave that makes the indention.
It's the little drop over a course of time.
Don't get disappointed when the little drop doesn't show up and make an indention.
It takes time.
One drop at a time makes the mark.
You walk in a cave and say, "How did that happen overnight?
" No, that happened over time—quite some time.
Some people say that's over thousands of years.
And I'm like, "Wow, isn't that amazing?
" Those stalactites and stalagmites that happened over thousands of years; it's inconsistency.
It's being consistent with whatever God's called you to do.
Don't get weary in well-doing, church.
Keep your head up high.
Yeah, we see the storms and all the stuff going on around us, but we need to be the salt.
And don't lose your saltiness in all the pressure that you're going through.
Whether your finances feel hardship right now in your household with all the things they said—the economy is great, inflation's down—I don't know where they're at.
They live on Capitol Hill.
They've got big paychecks up there and they're getting paid by our tax dollars.
They live like kings.
You go, "Well, I don't know where you're at, sir, but I want you to come to Oklahoma and say the inflation's better, the housing market's better.
" Okay, we'll see.
You go, "I don't know what you're on, but you're not in reality over here.
" As much as I want to be excited about what you're saying, we live in the real world.
You live on the hill.
It's interesting to me, you know, where some people want to try to hype things up, but we'll just keep fighting.
We fight the good fight of faith.
Now, we're going to pray for New Year's Eve.
We're going to pray for President Trump's protection.
We will continue to stand and protect Kai.
We pray for his granddaughter.
We pray for John Jr.
, Eric, praying for them to come up with this creative idea for crypto and all the things the Lord's shown us about that.
I still believe with all my heart the Lord showed me certain cryptos.
Yeah, it took a nosedive this week, didn't it?
I was like, "Oh no, it's going to zero.
Oh no, it's going to zero.
" That's what it felt like.
Oh no.
But Braden goes, "Dad, I don't want to look at it.
" I said, "Neither do I.
Neither do I.
" You know, but we know what the Lord has shown us in the future.
I believe with all my heart that something's going to come out of this.
You know, are we missing it?
I pray not.
I pray, you know what?
We hear in part, we see in part.
I'm not telling you I have everything right, folks.
I'm doing the best I can, just like you do with your walk with the Word.
But it's easy to stand from the peanut gallery and be a critic when you're not doing anything for God at all.
And the loudest people in the section are usually the ones doing nothing for Him at all.
And they yell at the people who are trying their hardest, and they have the big 'L' sign on the side: "You're a loser.
You've got nothing going for you.
" And you look at them and go, "But what did you do this year?
How many people did you lead to Christ this year?
How many people did you pray for?
" And all the criticism from the peanut gallery—shut up.
You know, we're all trying.
The ones that are trying, keep trying.
I knew whenever the Lord was talking to me about the stripes—"By His stripes, you are healed.
" Fall down on the concrete and skin your knee.
And how bad does that hurt?
It's excruciating for somebody, especially if you're elderly, and you just take all the skin off.
Imagine having a cat o' nine tails whipping your back and tearing that flesh off.
He went through it all for you to live in victory.
That wasn't a skinned knee, as bad as that hurts.
You can picture that, can't you?
What if you pinch yourself and it's really real?
It hurts a little bit whenever you maybe stuck your hand in the car door or something and it hurts really bad.
Jesus went through hell for every single one of us.
More than just a skinned knee.
More than just a hand in the car door.
I remember one time my dad was working as a carpenter using a nail gun and he was putting the nail in the air gun and it went through his hand.
His buddy Tommy had to take a crowbar and pull my dad's hand off of that board, if I remember correctly.
He had to hold it because he couldn't get the blood on the wood because they were finishing it.
So, his hand had to be pried off of the wood and the blood was trying to squirt all over the place.
They grabbed it and had to wrap it in a cloth because they didn't want to stain the oak wood because they were working on really expensive houses.
And it was excruciating.
But Jesus took nails, big humongous nails.
I saw the holes in His hand.
This isn't something that's just some kind of fairy tale that we read to our kids before we go to sleep, like Goldilocks and the Three Bears or Little Red Riding Hood.
Jesus Christ died for you, and it's not some fairy tale.
He went through it just like when you skin your knee and you go through pain and it's excruciating.
Jesus Christ took it all on His back and they ripped His flesh off His body and they put nails in His hands.
They put a crown of thorns on His head.
They ripped His beard out.
They spat in His face.
They hung Him on a cross and they shoved a spear in His side and blood and water flowed.
A massive gash was in His side.
He suffered greatly for you to walk in victory.
I'll never forget one night I was sitting on the side of a bed—I know I'm going a little long but you need to hear it—I was talking to a man that was really overcoming arthritis and he said, "Brandon, how come all Christians aren't healed?
Why aren't all Christians healed, Brandon?
I don't understand.
I've been suffering with this arthritis so bad.
" His name was Stanley.
His hand was always hurting with arthritis, and he couldn't understand why all Christians aren't healed.
I said, "I don't know.
I don't have the answer to it.
" I laid down, went to bed, and I was taken out of my body.
Jesus took me to the cross.
He took me to the whipping post.
I can tell you the temperature that it was outside: it was about 80 degrees.
It had a stench in the atmosphere.
I could smell some kind of animal livestock dung where He was at.
I don't know how, but I could smell it.
Jesus was standing right here—now, He was sitting right here—but I was watching Jesus in the past as a young man of 33 years old.
His hands were tied to this whipping post.
He was straddled up on this.
And I saw Him up like this.
And I saw one Roman soldier on one side and another one on this side.
I watched both of those men.
One man was probably 300 pounds.
He was ginormous.
He had a totally black outfit on, which I don't understand—that's what it looked like, some kind of weird garment.
But the other was a Roman soldier that had Roman garb on like you would see in the movies.
And I saw them take the cat o' nine tails and one whipped this side and the other one whipped this side.
And as I saw that happen, I saw the flesh ripping off of His body and it was excruciating.
It was dripping from His body—the bone, everything.
It was the most grotesque thing I've ever seen.
I saw the crown of thorns upon His head pressed down and blood was running down His forehead.
His beard was missing pieces where they had ripped the beard out of His face.
I remember I was standing over here as I was watching this happen and I was weeping and I was screaming but nobody could hear me and I said, "Stop!
You must stop!
" and I was screaming because they were beating Him with those whips.
They were whipping His body and His body would tremble as they were whipping His body and the blood was so much on the ground it was like He was in a pool of blood.
As they did it, I saw Jesus look up and I saw Him, out of His mouth, tell that one soldier, "I love you.
I love you.
" I saw it.
His face looked up at him and it was the most sincere look in His eyes as they were laughing and they were beating His body.
Jesus was standing beside me over here as I watched this all happen.
I can even tell you what His back looked like before they beat Him.
He was not skinny looking; He was muscular looking.
His skin looked olive.
It looked glossy from oily sweat.
You know how whenever you sweat and you get that oil on your body from not having a bath in a little bit?
That's the way His back looked before they began.
I watched it.
The Lord spoke to me that day and He said to me, "What do you not understand about 'by My stripes you are healed,' Brandon?
What do you not understand about this?
" He said, "If somebody was to tell you that you weren't saved, that you weren't born again, you would fight them, wouldn't you?
You would tell them, 'I am saved.
' If they say, 'I don't believe you're saved,' you'd say, 'I am saved.
I am delivered.
I know He saved my soul by what He did for me.
'" But the moment you feel sickness and disease, you doubt that you're healed.
He said, "The same faith that it takes to get healed is the same faith that it takes to be saved.
They're the same.
" He said, "You don't realize what it takes for you to say, 'I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I'm no longer going to hell.
' You don't look at the miracle that truly is.
But the same faith that you would fight somebody by telling them, 'I know I'm saved.
'" They say, "No, I don't believe it.
You still act the way you used to sometimes.
I don't believe it.
Are you really saved?
" "No, I know I'm saved.
I'm going to heaven.
I'm not going to hell.
" He said it takes the same faith to sit there and say, "I'm healed by Your stripes, Lord.
" He said, "When you believe that the same way, Brandon, the manifestation comes as long as you hold on to it just like that.
No matter if they talk you out of it.
'I have a symptom, Lord.
I have a symptom.
My flesh is crying out.
I've got this pain in my body.
I've got this going on.
' But it's the same way the pain of the soul is whenever you are messing up with sin and you have that, but you don't question your mind because of the symptom of it.
I'm saved.
I believe.
I'm once saved, always saved.
Don't you know that?
Well, I'm once healed, always healed.
I'm healed and whole and well.
By His stripes, I am healed.
He was wounded for my transgressions.
He was bruised for my iniquities.
The chastisement of my peace was upon Him, and with His stripes, I am healed.
He said, 'I became poor that you might be rich through My poverty.
I took poverty on the cross, Brandon.
I took it all.
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
' Galatians 3:13, Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
Deuteronomy 28 says there are a lot of curses there at the very end of that.
And all those curses, if you don't know, you can partake in them just like you partake in the blessing.
But Jesus paid the price so you don't have to.
He became sickness.
He became poor.
He became sin.
He took it all for us so that we don't have to.
And that's when he said, 'You so easily believe in salvation.
The body of Christ has got that down.
But you must believe that I'm a healer just as much as I'm a redeemer.
I take you out of hell.
I've done all this, but I can heal your body, too.
But you must believe it.
' It shook me.
Oh, I don't believe that, Brandon.
It's what I saw.
It's what I experienced as I went back into my body.
For three days, I wept.
I called my dad even that same morning.
I wept.
I couldn't control myself because of what I saw Jesus go through.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over mental torment.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over depression, over anxiety, over fear, over all the things that the devil tries to.
Don't accept the poo-poo package the devil has for you.
When he comes with his FedEx truck and he has 'the devil' written on it, don't accept his package through sickness, disease, poverty, sin, whatever he has.
Shut the door to the devil and run and say, 'I'm not taking your package.
' Symptoms come and people die.
I understand that.
I've seen it.
But I try to get a hold of it just like that for my daughter Megan.
I'm walking it out just like everybody else is.
I try to say, 'God, I'm not taking the poo-poo package for Megan no more.
Megan's healed.
Megan's whole.
Megan's well.
' And I believe even in 2026 that I'm no longer going to see a daughter laying in bed all the time, that she'll be able to come on this broadcast and tell you all that I was once lost, but now I'm found.
But not only that, that Jesus Christ healed me, too.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and I choose to believe it.
I choose to believe it.
But if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, He showed me His hands again and He holds them out before me.
He says, 'I died for every single one of them.
Brandon, you must tell them that they're running out of time.
The sun is setting on this dispensation of grace.
We're about to step into the tribulation.
You need to accept Jesus Christ tonight.
' If you're here and you've never accepted Him, if you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, He died and He suffered greatly for you.
Unless a man is born again by confessing Jesus Christ, he will not enter into the kingdom of God.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
As we hear what His heart is for the North Koreans, the Asians, the South Americans, and all of the Middle East, He wants that no man should perish but all come to repentance.
But unless a man is born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.
Tonight's the night for you to turn before a holy God and say, 'Jesus, I need a Savior.
' He's knocking on the door of your heart right now.
The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he's called by Him.
And tonight He's knocking on the door of your heart saying, 'Will you let me in right now?
' He's saying, 'Will you let me in?
I died for you.
I love you.
I have a plan for your life, but you've got to let me in.
I'm a gentleman.
' The devil, boy, he'll take a mile if you just let him in with a crack.
You can see your life and how much of a shambles it is without the Lord.
Now the Lord is standing at the door of your heart.
Just like I told you, He came up with this in the visions of the past.
He's knocking on the door.
Not everybody will open the door for Jesus, but He's always there—an ever-present help in a time of need.
He has the whole package for you this beautiful Christmas season.
He's standing at the door of your heart.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or go to school or go to your families or whatever, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one is promised tomorrow.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
I'm here to tell you, you must accept, my friend.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer and I want you to—if you are the one I'm talking to and you feel that tugging on the inside, you feel that butterfly, you feel that, 'Oh, that must be He's talking to me.
' What do I do next?
I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I need to be saved.
I want to turn from my wicked ways.
' Brandon, I want to turn from all this.
I don't want to be a part of...
I'm having a hard time through these holidays.
I don't want to do this anymore.
I feel like I'm at the end of my rope, but tonight Jesus just threw you a lifeline.
Will you accept it?
As He's throwing you this lifeline, what will you do with this opportunity?
And I'm going to say this simple prayer.
Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to be public about your decision.
So, I'm going to say it right now.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I ask You to forgive me of my sin for I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, today I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my past.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve You with all my heart.
I may mess up, Lord, but I'll pick myself up and I'll follow You even again and again and again.
I ask You to help me.
Make me strong.
Create in me a clean heart.
Thank You, Lord, for inviting me into Your kingdom today.
Thank You.
From this day forward, I will be with You in paradise.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
No matter how much I've messed up, no matter how much I've done wrong, You're there and You washed it all away today in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
' I believe if you just said that prayer, you just got born again.
It was just a simple prayer, but with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
And as far as the east is from the west, He's taken our sins from us.
He doesn't remember them anymore.
The moment you said it is not when He found out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
Most people say, 'Well, how does He forgive me?
' It's so easy.
He loves you.
So easy.
He loves you so much.
So what do you do now?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
Don't go to one that's full of religion and dead; you must find a church that's alive.
I'd go to a non-denominational church in your local area; try to find one and see if you get fed there.
Get plugged in.
Go on Wednesdays and Sundays, whenever the doors are open.
Go to a prayer group.
Get plugged in.
Tell that pastor, "I just got born again on a YouTube channel," and tell him, "I need to be water-baptized.
" We have water baptism at our church twice a year, but I want to tell you, you must be water-baptized.
Tell them, "I want to make a public display for everybody to see.
I want to tell them I've sold out to Jesus today.
" Read your Bible every day.
Pray.
Come pray with us at this group every day when we do these live prayer times.
Just keep witnessing and tell people about what you did today.
We're excited for all 34 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family; I'm excited that you're here.
Now, if you are here and you would like a Bible, and you just said the sinner's prayer and you've never had a Bible before, my wife and I will buy you a Bible absolutely for free.
We just do it to be a blessing; we want to send it to you.
Be patient; we have a lot of people getting born again and my wife is doing the best she can to get them all out.
It takes a lot of time.
We buy them on Amazon and send them to you.
So, if you would like a Bible, check the description down below where there's an email.
Put "I just got born again" in the subject line and that you'd like a Bible.
Include your address where we can send it, and we'll never solicit you or bother you again.
We just want to celebrate your decision tonight and say welcome to the family.
We're proud of you and excited for you.
We just want to love on you.
So, here we go.
Let's go, tubing, welcome to the family.
Thirty-four people.
Heaven is rejoicing and the devil is sad because he just lost 34 sinners.
So, praise God.
Welcome to the family, all 34 of you.
When I tell you all these things and you believe it, this is part of why I take communion every day.
This is relationship.
This isn't about some kind of religious experience; this is a relationship.
I do this often in remembrance of what he did for me.
Jesus Christ paid the price for me, and that's what this represents: for me to walk in victory, in holiness, and wholeness.
We don't have to sacrifice a bull, a goat, or a sheep; Jesus was the ultimate sacrifice.
He paid the price for every one of us.
Isn't that wonderful?
I never want to take it for granted.
As we enter into this time of the year, I know a lot of people don't want to believe that Christmas is Jesus's birthday.
It probably isn't, but I'm going to tell you this: it's a time of celebration, a time of thanking the Lord for sending his Son to die for us.
Thank you, Jesus, for your birth.
Happy birthday, Jesus.
Thank you that you came from a virgin into this earth to save a wretch like me.
Thank you, Father.
I want to take communion tonight and just give you praise and glory for everything you did for us.
Thank you, Lord, that I don't have to have sickness in my body or walk in poverty.
Thank you, Lord, that I don't have to have bondage in any area of my life, as you paid the price for me to walk in victory.
I take this body in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, for everything you did for me.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We plead the blood of Jesus; it never loses its power.
We apply the blood in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, we thank you for all the people here tonight and that the blood covers us.
We're so excited for this Christmas season.
Thank you, Lord, that we were once lost but now we're found, and that you saved a wretch like me.
I take the blood in Jesus' name and apply it to our life as a relationship.
Father, you're so good to us.
Amen.
Thank you for the blood, Lord.
I once was lost but now I'm found, was blind but now I see.
Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me.
Thank you, Lord.
I was once lost, but now I see in every area of our life.
Father, no matter how much we're hurting or how much pain we're going through, though we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, we will fear no evil.
For your rod and your staff, they comfort us.
Thank you, Father, that you're always with us.
You have never left us and you've never forsaken us.
Even when people feel so alone at Christmas, wondering, "Does anybody care about my life?
Am I all alone?
Is this life worth fighting for anymore?
" Jesus is there to lift you up.
You just have to turn to him.
Sing songs of praise.
Give God praise in the darkest of times.
Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost, but now I'm found, was blind, but now I see.
Through many dangers, toils, and snares, I have already overcome.
Thank you, Father.
Whatever you have on your heart tonight, we come before you boldly.
We come to the throne and say, "Father, open the eyes of our heart tonight that we want to see you.
" Happy birthday, Jesus.
This is your wonderful week of rejoicing, bringing us great tidings of great joy.
Joy unspeakable and full of glory for every believer here tonight.
It's the significant number three.
This is such a significant year for 2026, 2027, and 2028.
Remember the three coming down the mountain?
I see the purple three coming down the mountain on February 3rd, during the week of the Olympics opening ceremony.
We're praying into this week for the judges.
I see the Supreme Court judges; a major decision is about to be made.
We pray for the hearts of the Supreme Court judges.
Now this is what I want to tell you.
What I see is very interesting.
I see a man with a great white beard that goes clear to the middle of his belly.
He is standing upon the edge of a rock over a valley, looking out.
The valley is full of grayness and darkness; it is like black and white.
That's the color of the Lord.
It's black and white, Brandon.
As I'm looking at this valley, it is all in black and white as far as the eye can see.
I see him taking a shofar horn and he's blowing his lips on this shofar horn.
It is a blast, blast, blast, and the soundwave is coming from heaven and going through this valley of death.
He has a long, flowing robe on.
There are little wear holes at the bottom where it brushes against the dirt on the ground by his sandals.
This is an old prophetic man.
Can these bones live?
Behind him is a massive tree built into the rock, and a waterfall has just started to erupt off that cliff.
The water is flowing down into the valley from the tree.
It's a massive tree, so big you couldn't put your arms around it.
It is beautiful, green, and alive, like a redwood in California; you could drive a car through it.
It's planted in the rock, and the water is running out of the tree, coming down the side of the mountain where the man is standing and blowing his horn.
Now I see two lungs attached outside of a body, breathing in that water.
These lungs are positioned right underneath that waterfall, and I can see life coming into them.
I can see the blood flow and the veins, and they are sparkling.
Why would it be lungs?
Lord, what is that?
Why are the lungs breathing like that outside the body?
The man just sat down on the rock.
He went from blowing a horn to sitting down to look at the valley, and the water is flowing right by him.
He's sitting crisscross, looking out over the edge.
Why is he sitting down now?
We're seated with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities.
It's a place of authority and rest.
You're not toiling, walking around, or pacing.
I'm seated because I'm firm in Him and resting.
That man is taking a seat, looking out over the edge in complete peace, watching the water flow over the people.
He did what he was supposed to do; he blew his horn and he sat down.
It's a place of rest.
Trust confidently in Me.
I see a peach seed.
Everything in the kingdom is about seeds: planting the seed and believing for the harvest.
Let the Word come into you as a seed and it springs forth life.
Everything revolves around a seed.
Seed is life, but you have to plant the seed to reap the harvest.
The Word doesn't return void.
You're planting the seed of the Word inside your heart, and it springs forth life.
What was interesting is the seed was covered by blood.
I could see the peach seed covered in blood as you take your seat.
It was a split fruit, and the peach seed looked red.
The Lord said, 'It's covered in the blood.
' You sow the seed, and I reap the harvest.
Life is in the Word.
Seedtime and harvest never cease.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
As long as the earth remains, there is seedtime and harvest.
I believe that's in First Peter, right?
The flowers wither and the grass fades, but the Word of the Lord will remain forever.
Thank You, Father, for the blood that covers every seed.
The seeds we sowed in the past have come to harvest at last.
Genesis 8:22 says that as long as the earth remains, there will be planting and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night; they shall not cease.
I thank You, Father, for seedtime and harvest tonight.
We ask for a crop failure over the bad seeds we sowed ignorantly or willingly.
We repent and call for repentance over those bad seeds, and I thank You, Lord, that they will not bear fruit in our life.
We call for crop failure over the bad seeds, and we thank You that the good seeds bring forth a thirty, sixty, and hundredfold return in the name of Jesus.
We call for every bad seed we have sowed to have a crop failure in Jesus' name.
We call forth abundance to the extreme that overflows over the good seeds and over the man.
Father, the position of the elder with the long beard—Father, we take our seat.
Can these bones live?
We stay in that place of our authority and we take our seat.
We take our rest.
We come up higher.
And we thank you that you have our best in mind, best in heart, Abba.
We thank you, Lord.
That's interesting.
Now, I see a fox.
He's looking to the man on the rock.
The fox is down below in the valley.
The fox is looking slyly up toward the man on the rock.
He has a long bushy tail with a white tip and he's looking up.
He has a black coal nose, black little coal eyes, and his head is toward the ground.
But then he looked up at the man sitting on the rock, the fox.
I see a baby bassinet on wheels.
It looks like a baby buggy, but on the side where the baby is, it's an old-school 1900s baby bassinet that has an umbrella over the baby.
I see a white baby gown, white blankets, and all this beautiful white color, and the white is glowing.
There's a gold trim around the baby basket.
It's open, but all the trim at the edge of the baby bassinet is gold and it's braided.
It's welded; it's all meshed together.
So it's seamless, but it's all like little slits all on it like this.
And it's gold.
There are strips of gold going down on this bassinet.
I see a glorious figure that has no face—a being that has no face, that has a beautiful sparkling gown that's watching over the baby.
It looks like a veil baby, but he's leaning over looking at the baby with no face and he has a sparkling gown.
So the stone is stone.
We're clothed in His glory.
Come to Him as a child.
Come to Him as the baby.
A baby needs all its needs met by the father or the mother.
It cannot meet its own needs.
It's really helpless.
It's sitting there laying in that bassinet and the father's just doting over his baby.
The father—the faceless one in glory—is doting over that baby, looking over that child.
And the baby's just cooing and kicking its little legs, little toes.
And the daddy's just there.
I could see the glorious thing—I want to say it's the Lord, I don't know—looking at this baby and the baby's just kicking.
I can feel the presence.
He's watching over me.
He's watching over you or His babies or His children.
What's that fox doing?
That's so interesting.
That is really beautiful.
We love you, Lord.
We come to you.
We're seated with you in the heavenlies, like that old man.
But we come as babies before the Great I Am—not as adults, but as your babies.
And we're away from that fox.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for that peace as we sit at your feet for the peace that passes understanding.
The peace that passes all understanding.
We thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
I see there was a very steep hill for more of you to climb.
I see a steep hill.
And the climb has been very intense.
Push, push, push.
Climb, climb, climb.
It's been a long, long road for some of you.
But the breakthrough—the long, long road.
You feel like you've been climbing, climbing, climbing.
'Where are we going to get to the summit?
' It's all about breaking through for you.
You've been climbing.
You're at that place of rest.
Your baby is speaking to the dry bones of your life.
'Can these bones live?
' Of your circumstances, of many you have given up on.
But I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'I'm bringing forth life to your circumstances where it seemed the valley of your dry bones were dead and that you are in the valley.
' But the water's here.
The birthing is here.
The baby is here.
It's the time of the seed that you sowed in the past; you're going to reap the harvest at last.
Speaking to what you thought was dormant.
You climb, you climb, you climb.
I see the people getting weary in well-doing.
You don't see the manifestation of what you believe for day after day.
You feel weary in well-doing.
But when you let go of the rope and you let God—'I'm sitting down, Lord.
I'm just taking my seat.
' Can these bones live?
Can my circumstances change?
Can my marriage get better?
Can my kids stop being helens?
Can, Father, my finances turn around?
Living from paycheck to paycheck, barely getting by.
Oh, Father, can these bones live?
Many of you are the ones standing on the rock.
Can these bones live?
My circumstances don't seem to be changing, but the Lord says there's a divine turnaround.
As long as the earth remains, Genesis—seedtime and harvest doesn't cease.
Speak to the dry bone.
Speak to the dead seeds.
Speak.
The seeds don't die.
Don't let the fox come and ruin the vine.
He's up there.
What is the fox speaking to you?
He's lying to you.
'You're not going to get through this.
' That's the devil.
He's trying to eat the vines.
The small foxes spoil the vines.
It's the small foxes that are spoiling the vines.
Don't get weary in well-doing.
We're not God's adults; we're His children, His babies.
He's watching over us.
He has affection.
His eyes are on the babies.
We all look like little infants in there kicking our little toes up in our little gown.
It looked like one of those christening gowns they put on the babies—this beautiful white gown.
It was glowing with glory, with gold on the bassinet, and He was looking out over that baby.
The trim was braided.
He was looking over it with no face.
He was completely glory.
I could see no face, but He was looking at the baby and He was watching over the baby.
And the baby was kicking his little toes up.
I could see the little feet bouncing up.
He had little chubby toes.
He was moving around in that gown.
It was really beautiful.
And the Lord is just watching that child.
And then I saw the seed, and the Lord said those seeds always come to pass.
Every seed you have in your life.
The seeds that you sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
Believe Me for the seed.
Believe Me for the manifested crop of the seed.
Seedtime and harvest doesn't cease.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
It doesn't die.
So call forth your dormant seeds.
The Lord said they're not dead; they're dormant.
Speak to them.
Call forth your dormant seeds and say, "Seeds, grow," and let that river or that water flow out of that mountain over there.
As long as the earth remains, it's time for you to reap your harvest.
I call crop failure over my bad ones.
I said, "Lord, forgive me, but the ones I have in the ground that are good, I'm calling forth the 30, 60, and 100-fold.
" I want a big harvest.
Everything you live in life is a seed, a manifestation of a seed.
Everything.
What you put inside your heart with the Word of God is seed.
The sower sows the word.
Thank you, Father, for tonight's prayer.
Thank you, Father, that you are watching over our seeds.
Father, we come to you as babies.
We are not adults.
We're sitting there, and we just take our rightful place in the seat and say, "Can these bones live?
Can our seeds that we've sowed live?
" Yes, all things are possible to him who believes.
Don't be weary in well-doing.
I saw a very steep mountain people were climbing.
They were resting because they get weary in well-doing.
They are up there saying, "I am never going to get to the summit.
We're never going to get to the top.
We're always going to be climbing this, honey.
" But they would climb a little bit and then they would rest.
I could see it was steep as they were trying to get to the top.
I saw that massive tree on that thing.
I wonder what that represented.
Is it like the one where you saw the fire on the seeds?
Remember the sequoia tree?
It looked like a sequoia tree, a beautiful sequoia.
They're saying it's in Ezekiel.
It's a fruit tree of all kinds.
That's what they're thinking.
A fruit tree of all kinds will grow on both banks of the river.
Their leaves will not wither, nor will their fruit fail.
Every month they will bear fruit because the water from the sanctuary flows to them.
Their fruit will serve for food and their leaves for healing.
Wow, y'all, cool find!
Ezekiel spoke to the mountain; he spoke to the dry bones.
But that's the fruit tree.
I'm going to try to read it, Ezekiel 47.
I haven't studied it, so my reading might be off.
"The fruit trees of all kinds will grow on both banks of the river.
Their leaves will not wither, nor will their fruit fail.
Every month they will bear fruit because the water from the sanctuary flows to them.
Their fruit will serve for food and their leaves for healing.
" That is powerful.
So he was sitting on the top and that tree came up.
It was by the river and the water flowed through, and it lines up with what I'm seeing in the scripture of Ezekiel.
That's cool, huh?
I was thinking, "What am I seeing all this for?
" You guys are saying, "Can these bones live?
" That's what he was saying.
"Can these bones live?
" Ezekiel is prophetic.
Let's read that again.
I want to read that again; I can't lose that scripture.
"The fruit trees of all kinds will grow on both banks of the river.
" He was talking about the fruit of the peach, and it was split before Ezekiel and it was covered in the blood.
The seed was covered in the blood.
Fruit trees of all kinds will grow on both banks of the river.
I only saw one tree.
"Their leaves will not wither, nor will the fruit fail.
" You have to move it over, baby.
"Their leaves will not wither, nor will their fruit fail.
" So our vine will not cast fruit before its time, just like it says in Deuteronomy.
Every month they will bear fruit, so you have fruit all the time.
It's a bountiful supply because the water from the sanctuary flows to them.
"Their fruit will serve for food and their leaves for healing.
" Then he gave me Genesis, and I heard him say, "Seedtime and harvest shall never cease.
" He said speak to it; don't be weary in well-doing as they are climbing the mountain.
Seeds always produce.
Even dormant seeds—he said they're not dead seeds—will always produce.
Speak to them, and that water comes over.
But the small foxes will ruin the vines.
I wonder what that means.
He said he was at rest.
He sat down.
He blew the horn over the valley, and when the water started to flow, he just took a seat and watched it.
I saw a shofar horn that was long, a massive shofar horn.
He blew it, and as it blew over the valley, I heard, "Can these bones live?
" And he yelled that across the valley.
"Can these bones live?
" Then he sat down.
I heard the sound: "Can these bones live?
" I have to get that right.
He blew the horn and I heard, "Can these bones live?
" Then all of a sudden I saw a tree.
It looked like a massive tree.
I don't know if it was a fruit tree, but it was huge.
The water was flowing by it, coming right out of the side.
It went over the side of the mountain where he was sitting, right next to him.
The stream was glistening with sparkles.
It went through the valley.
Then a fox came up and was looking at it.
People were trying to get up the mountain and they would get weary.
Then I saw a baby.
That's cool stuff!
I have to think about all that tonight.
There was a man with no face.
I don't know who he was, but his face looked like a slate, like Mumbles.
Remember Dick Tracy?
Mumbles was kind of evil, but this wasn't evil.
It was no face, just an outline, like a canvas.
It was flesh-colored, very different.
The gown was glowing in sparkles.
He was looking at the baby, and the baby was glowing with sparkles and kicking in his bassinet.
Whether it was a girl or a boy, I don't know, but it looked like one of those old dedication outfits for a baby.
It was a white, beautiful, sparkly gown.
All glory to Jesus tonight.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
He doesn't want us to give up on Him; He wants us to keep believing.
Fight the good fight of faith.
All seeds produce.
Then you ask for crop failure on your other ones.
And the lungs!
The lungs came up underneath the water under Ezekiel.
The water was flowing through the lungs.
You know the pipes you see on a diagram, how the blood flow of the lungs is blue?
The lungs were there with veins going through them.
The water was coming off the mountain and flowing into the—what would that be called?
Trachea?
It's not a tracheotomy.
I'm not scientific here, baby, I'm sorry.
It's the blue vein, the blue pipe.
The water was flowing through those lung pipes, filling the lungs up with water.
It was filling them up with glory.
The lifegiving water was flowing through the lungs.
Do you see that?
That's at the end.
It's the trachea.
Is that what you mean?
A tracheotomy?
See the top of the trachea.
Okay.
So, it was flowing through the trachea and going through the lungs, and the water was flowing through them.
I could see blue and red going through the lungs and giving them life.
They were breathing—inhaling and exhaling.
They were moving.
The lungs were breathing the water, breathing it as it fell off the side of the cliff by Ezekiel.
Very interesting; I don't know what that means.
Breathe him in.
Right, breathe him in.
As the lungs were functioning, they were breathing in the water.
You were breathing in the living water and the seed.
The seed was down there, and it split in half, and a fruit appeared; it was a peach seed.
And he said, 'Speak it.
' Those seeds in the peach are covered in the blood, because it was the blood of Jesus on it.
Praise the Holy Spirit.
That was awesome.
Isn't it fun?
Yeah, I love it.
Prayer is fun.
Holy Spirit, you're welcome.
Holy Spirit, you're so welcome in this place.
Father of mercy and grace, thou art in this place.
That was wonderful.
Did you enjoy that tonight?
It's pretty neat.
It lines up with the scripture.
Ain't that neat?
Sometimes I don't know where it's going.
I just tell you what I'm seeing and I just keep going, and then somebody finds that scripture.
That's beautiful.
I appreciate whoever did that.
I really appreciate whoever found that, because as I'm seeing all this, it doesn't make a lot of sense to me, but I'm telling you what I'm seeing.
Thank God it's in the Word, because I'm just following you, Holy Spirit.
I'll tell you, I still don't know what the lungs mean, but praise God from whom all blessings flow.
He's an amazing God.
So, the whole passage—we'll have to read that.
I'll have to study that.
Can these bones live?
Can your seeds live?
Yes, they can.
All things are possible for him who believes.
And what was interesting, it sounded like an African tongue singing.
Yeah, I was going to say that.
Every time I was singing, it sounded African to me.
It didn't sound like American singing; it sounded more like African singing.
So very interesting, wasn't it?
What's that about?
Was Ezekiel African?
No, he probably wasn't.
I'm sorry; he was probably Jewish.
That's my ignorance of the Word right there.
He was probably Jewish.
Some people are saying that he could be.
Well, we love you all.
I pray this video blessed you.
I know it went a little extra long tonight, but I pray with all my heart it blessed you.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for joining us.
I know it's getting late at night.
It's almost midnight here in Central, but it's not 12 yet.
It's still today; it's not tomorrow.
We're not into the 22nd yet; we're almost there.
We can say we prayed into tomorrow.
But we're so blessed to have you all.
Thank you for joining with us.
If you could do me a favor: like the video, subscribe, click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, and go to my account on X and subscribe.
I'm growing that because the Lord told me to have two alternate voices—one on YouTube and one on X—because of the persecution coming to freedom of speech.
He said you must prepare now.
Don't wait until the storm hits, for they will suppress my voice through social media in the days ahead, trying to keep you silent.
But you must have alternate avenues for this.
Now, people say, 'Brandon, why don't you do Rumble or all kinds of things?
' This is what the Lord said.
I don't understand all that stuff, and I'm just trying to follow the best I can, but he said X because Elon's site will be more free.
Stay on YouTube as long as I can speak, but even whenever they suppress it, they're not going to cut me off.
The Lord said they're just going to make it where it's going to be really hard to say certain things without flagging my videos.
That is whenever you bury somebody in the algorithm.
You want it to be seen, and the only way it's seen is by you clicking like, subscribe, notification bell, and commenting something nice down below.
The link is in the description for the X account.
It's just right there, and you just click it and you join up with me.
I'll put videos over there.
I think I gained 2,000 people in the last couple of days, and all glory to God for that.
Thank you all for coming.
We'll keep growing it over there.
I'm up to 37,000.
So, we're believing for 100,000, and we'll see where we go from there.
I just feel like I have to build two foundations in 2026 for what's coming in 2027 and 2028.
We must work on this for the whole year.
So, we'll be all over the place; we're not going anywhere.
I just have to speak what he says freely.
No matter if they believe it or they want to suppress me, I'm going to say what God tells me to say, but I have to have a platform to say it on.
So, we're going to be able to say it on both sides.
I just believe God it won't be too bad for us.
I have a lot of the world on there too.
It reaches the world instead of having its own separate thing.
It's pretty rough in the comment section over there, but it is what it is.
I don't care; I have to just move on.
What has Jesus called you to do?
You're going to be persecuted for the Word's sake.
And isn't it wonderful to be persecuted for him?
He did so much for me.
Thank you for persecuting me; thank you for being rude to me.
I'm persecuted for him.
And when I get on the other side, I want to walk with him.
You can have whatever you want over here and question things and be mean all the time; that's fine.
But I'm going to walk with him.
I don't know where you'll be—it's not my place to say—but I can only judge me and my house.
So, we love you all.
Do you have any questions?
It's all right that it started late.
I would get late, drink my tea, sit on the couch, and come underneath this.
Yeah, we're talking about the blackouts.
The blackouts are serious; it's just the beginning of them.
I've tried to warn about it over and over again.
I saw some blackouts lasting for three weeks where some places will have no power.
A lot of you are asking if I am thinking about doing New Year's Eve prayer.
Oh, for sure.
I'll do prayer on New Year's Eve.
I won't do it at midnight here; I always take that time to pray by myself.
But I will pray with you all ahead of time, around 7 o'clock.
I'll come in early and we can pray for a while.
We'll pray for protection over our people.
We need to pray for New England, New York, and London.
I keep seeing that Ferris wheel.
Praying over that now that France and Germany have canceled their celebrations.
Hong Kong canceled their celebration due to terrorist activity and concerns regarding mass gatherings.
That's kind of interesting.
So, we'll pray for the pope for Christmas Eve mass.
That's very serious.
Christmas Eve mass.
Notifications on X; my phone is dinging.
Thank you for all six of you; welcome.
It's neat, six people.
My phone is going ding-ding telling me you joined.
Oh, it was more than that—100.
No, I'm talking about six on my phone.
It tells me exactly when they click in.
So, whoever did it just did it right now.
Maybe it was 800, and it got six and pushed over.
That's sweet because my phone is going ding-ding.
I see six notifications right now.
But the Lord said to pray over the pope in the Christmas Eve mass for sure.
And it's okay.
And this is what's interesting: I did not have a vision of the Eiffel Tower concerning New Year's Eve or a celebration.
I saw London, England, and the Tower.
I keep going: London, England, and the Tower.
Yes.
So, there is a very serious concern in this, but more concerning—and people said, 'Brandon, you saw something about Bourbon Street in New Orleans last year and it happened.
' Yes, it was about the man with the black flag driving his truck down there and then opened fire and did all that.
But what's crazy is I see it again.
Last time I saw it when people were drunk, and this time I see it again.
So, the same kind of people, ISIS people, are going to try to plan something again in New Orleans.
We must pray for New Orleans.
We must pray for Las Vegas.
Last year it happened in Las Vegas around Trump's Tower and the Cybertruck.
Remember that right before his inauguration?
And the other place was Tennessee.
Many people said, 'Brandon, what about it?
' It was around the bars and I saw Coors Light signs and those neon signs.
I saw them when people were not sober in a party town in Tennessee.
The other part was, New York, praying over Times Square, the flash of light and things like that.
Praying over that, praying over the safety.
We know they keep saying they're catching these people, but I saw a thousand men and women that were planted here by crossing the border illegally and that are terrorists—a Red Dawn experience.
And I keep saying that over and over again to keep praying over Australia, over Canada, and Toronto; praying over these areas because there are people in these cities that are not good.
I want to show you.
Do you have that clip from Alex talking to Candace?
Oh, yes, I know where it is.
I want to show you this because this is what I saw and even he is alarmed by this.
And I want to show you what Alex Jones said concerning this.
This is very serious; it goes with what I saw in my vision.
Play and cue Alex Jones.
'As most of you that pay attention know, I am not the police.
As most of you that pay attention know, I am not the internet police.
I don't infight.
I don't try to focus on what other people are theorizing about or doing.
And so, it's with a heavy heart that I am forced to put out another report either tonight or tomorrow morning.
We're adding a lot of information right now, a lot more research dealing with Candace Owens.
Just as soon as the whole Egyptian plane thing gets debunked with all the facts, now she's moved to something else.
And I'm really worried about her.
I'm worried about her and her mind.
And I'm also worried about the country and where this is going.
It's good to question Charlie Kirk's assassination.
I have big questions.
We know Kash Patel covered up an investigation to accomplish this.
I broke that before it hit the mainstream news.
So, I'm not saying don't question.
But her latest source and what she's done implicating the US military and all this other stuff is just so damaging.
When you go investigate it, it's so crazy.
And just like with the Egyptian plane, she says she has the metadata, then publish it.
And when she did publish it and it got fact-checked, it wasn't accurate.
Candace, we care about you.
But you just doubled down again with something even more absurd.
And I hate watching you destroy yourself like this.
We'll be covering it all with the report that's coming out on Rumble and then infowars.
com.
God bless you all.
' That was amazing.
You know, the Lord told us that he would become a John the Baptist and a voice for him, that an attempt would happen that would not be successful and he would be protected, that he would become a major voice piece in the last days.
But I keep going back to that word that the Lord gave us about Candace and I keep praying for that lady that God would put his hand on her and that she'd be spared.
And He said, 'I have so much for her to do.
She has to stop this.
' And that was what the Lord was saying.
She must stop.
We must pray for her.
And the conspiracy will not be such a conspiracy.
I saw that white van; I saw an attempt.
It was a rogue person, just a crazy person that did this.
And it wasn't a shadow government; it wasn't anything crazy.
It was just a rogue crazy fan.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray for her.
' It was a white van.
And these are the things that the Lord shows me.
But I think it's interesting now that Alex Jones would even come out and say these things.
I just go, 'Hm.
' You know, I pray for all these people so much all the time.
God has his hand on them.
There's so many people that are hurting.
So, I'll leave you with that.
God bless you all.
We love you.
Do you have any questions?
Good.
Everything's good.
All hearts clear.
God bless you.
Remember, we'll see you tomorrow.
I probably won't do a video Tuesday or Wednesday, but I'm more than likely 99% sure I'll do one for Christmas to celebrate Jesus with you on his birthday.
So, if anybody wants to do a video with me on Christmas, I'll be here.
If you don't want to come on with your family, that's fine; I'll take communion by myself.
But I like to pray with you on Christmas Day.
I'll try to make it an hour.
I know you probably want to open presents and be with your family and eat cake and all that stuff, but I thought we'd celebrate Jesus on Christmas Day and just do something small, just tell you all hi.
We love you.
Thank you for always being here with us for Christmas.
But I'm probably going to see my mom and my dad on Christmas Eve.
I thought that'd be something we might do.
You want to pray with me on Christmas Eve?
I think I'll go to a candlelight service or something.
I don't know.
Christmas Day, you said.
Well, I don't have a candle.
We can do some kind of candle.
It's like a candlelight service.
I don't do things religious.
I got a bucket full of communion, and I got my Bible, and I come on here and talk to y'all.
I can get a candle.
I don't know what a candlelight service is.
We could do a candle.
You can turn the lights out and I can hold it.
They'll be thinking, 'Is he doing a seance?
What's he doing up in there?
' No, we're worshiping Jesus.
We love you all.
We really do.
God bless you.
We'll see you again tomorrow.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all.
Have a good night.
Bye-bye.
Oh yeah, it's live right now.
It's still live.
I forgot.
33.
If you're still here, I don't remember what that was.
What did you want me to say about it?
Remember you said you saw praying over the judges?
Praying over the judges.
Three years: 2026, 2027, and 2028.
I've given you the number three.
Brandon, pray over the judges.
It's very crucial.
I remember that.
Good call.
So now he has this on record because he makes shorts out of it.
I have to get it on record because you have to have documented that I said it,.
The 2026 rev up, 2027, and 2028 are very crucial years starting this year.
Is it good?
Should I say anything else?
You have to have it for your shorts.
If anybody says, "Why didn't he say that?
" it's there.